Jing'er, you are so happy to meet Master Zhao
Hey, look at this villa
How luxurious
What a view!
If only I could live here
Even if it saves me ten years of life, I am also willing to
It's all Tianhua
Hey, what's this?
This Longhu villa is more expensive the more you see it at night
The most expensive thing is to wait on the roof
I don't know which big boss bought it.
Hey, is that Xu Feng?
How did this guy get in?
Are those security guards trash?
Could he be the individual owner?
That's not possible.
It is absolutely impossible for Xu Feng, a poor man, to buy a house here
I know his bottom line best.
Could it be a gift from the Su family?
I remember he saved you, Su Clan Leader ordered
Possibly hum
I don't know what kind of shit luck that guy got
He actually saved that Mr. Chen's order
Or at the Calvin Hotel
Xu Kun must die
Go and have a look. Go.